Hmm... the file,  FrenchGrammarImposters\phrase-analyzer.js, is not working as I wanted.  

This alogrithim is essentially a word difference analyzer tool.  This is a problem that no doubt comes up over and over again in many different program context.  Perhaps you should start by doing some internet research to see how this problem has been solved previously, and then after researching the topic, we can copy the best solutions rather than try to re-invent the wheel.

Analzying words is tricky, because if one extra word is added, then all the other words look out of position..  But the other words aren't actually wrong, and should not be marked as such just because they were pushed out of position.  

The basic problem is this.  We have a bunch of correct phrases that we want.

Users will try to replicate those phrases, but will sometimes have errors.  We need to compare the phrases submitted by users with the desired "correct" phrase, and display to the user using text formatting to show the user where they went wrong in a clear and concise way that is natural to how humans understand such things.  

Here are some examples of correct phrases, and the incorrect phrases that Humans might submit while trying to reproduce the correct phrases:

{ correct: "Lundi, j'ai un match de soccer.", incorrect: "Sur lundi, j'ai un match de soccer." },     

{ correct: "J'ai regardé un film à la télévision.", incorrect: "J'ai regardé un film sur la télévision." },  { correct: "Je n'ai pas de crayon.", incorrect: "Je n'ai pas un crayon." },     

{ correct: "J'ai chaud. Est-ce que je peux avoir un verre d'eau?", incorrect: "Je suis chaud. Est-ce que je peux avoir un verre de l'eau?" },    

 { correct: "Qu'est-ce que tu fais ici? Oh, rien du tout!", incorrect: "Qu'est-ce que tu fais ici? Oh, rien!" },    

{ correct: "Quelle heure est-il?", incorrect: "Quel temps est-il?" },     

{ correct: "Je vais chez le médecin.", incorrect: "Je vais au médecin." },     

{ correct: "Je suis allé à Victoria.", incorrect: "J'ai allé à Victoria." },     

{ correct: "J'ai peur et j'ai froid.", incorrect: "J'ai peur et je suis froid." },     

{ correct: "Je l'aime parce qu'il est le meilleur.", incorrect: "Je l'aime lui parce qu'il est le meilleur." },


How have problems of this sort been solved?  Has a best practice emerged?  How can we adapt those approach to our goal, which is to implement the specification described here:  FrenchGrammarImposters\phrase_analyzer_spec.md
